Created HardwareFamily model (#5040)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/core-data-model/dcim/hardwarefamily.md

> # Hardware Family

Reviewer: Probably would be good to add some verbiage to `devicetype.md` referencing this model. Also should probably have a `+++ 2.2.0` annotation in this file and that one.

> A hardware family represents a group of related hardware device components. A device type can be optionally assigned to a hardware family. Each hardware family must have a unique name and may have a description assigned to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A hardware family represents a group of related [device types](devicetype.md). A device type can be optionally assigned to a hardware family. Each hardware family must have a unique name and may have a description assigned to it.
```
